{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green23\blue24;\red25\green25\blue25;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13725\c12157\c12549;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Sound Art Performances and Installations\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Insane in moderation. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\fs24 \'93Insane in moderation\'94 is a sound performance piece where the output sound is the result of unpredictable human movements interacting with a particular structure (platform and small stage).\'a0\
\
\
The performance piece is compounded for three main actors:\'a0\
\'a0\
- \'a0First actor is the sound structure/platform/stage that generates sound due to the interaction with it.\
\
- \'a0Second is the \'93Insane\'94. \'a0Actor that performs and produces the sound on the structure/platform/stage and interacts with it.\
\
- The third actor is the \'93Moderator\'94, which directs and moderates the output sound generated from the \'93Insane\'94.\'a0\
\
- Perfomers: \'a0Ricardo Andres, \'a0Mattia\'a0Bonafini. \
\
\

\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
It is getting hot
\f3\i0\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
Sound Performance work that presents \'a0the act of heating water  as metaphor before a \'a0world that is heating it self.  It is inspired by the piano piece \'a0
\i Vers la flamme Op. 72 
\i0 \'a0composed in 1914 by Alexander Scriabin's. \'a0The music piece by Scriabin will be manipulated using the temperature of the water as a medium on stage. \
\
\
Body Swimming in Organs \
\
This work (inspired for the concept Body without organs) faces three main topics.  \
1st: Technology and education vs culture native culture, 2nd: body as tool.  \
\
\
\
\
\
}